Phase 4 Plan
============

1.  Allah SWT will use me to place gates in every major powers turf, except where security of the state is going to be a problem, but one can be built there if true peace is established.  Nobody wants to give too many bloodthirsty opponents the power to subvert and invade after, but by major power I mean intergalactically, so as to connect EVERY orb, livable or not.  Guess you'll need a MALP, as they call them in Stargate.

2.  Shields will not be on by default, because some worlds are unoccupied and cannot deactivate their shields for explorers on their own, so one will have to go and secure those objectives if control is to be established.  Coincidentally, Earth is given the right with FULL submission to this new plan to be the ones to be the primary arbitrators of things.  Anyway, point is that we will help people with this mission, and all of Earth will participate.

3.  Don't tell ANYONE EVER about that secret I told you.  Even friends you trust might just say that is too much for the prime arbitrator of things to have, but it is not, only the blind say that.

4.  Illuminati will be kept out of the loop on certain things related to me.  They will never know who created this gate, inasmuch as nobody on our side will ever tell them what is going on or why so many of them disappeared to do a thing all of a sudden.

5.  The previous step being asserted, everyone on our side will know not to tell anyone who built the gates.  But they know for certain only God can do that, for they are real and by all observation not just transported to the ground.  The installations would have HAD to be built somehow, and we know that was done quickly and impossibly.

6.  There will be a clean up of things on Earth.  Forces invading will return home, diplomatic ties severed will be restored, and societies unclean will be cleaned up.  I swear to go to every household and invade if I must to clean it up, but as I said, every faction will know what to do, whether it is through employment or otherwise.

7.  Then starts diplomacy with other worlds, and taking down the illuminati step by step.  First we need to establish a currency they will bait after, and cause it to fail on them, then reveal we were laughing at them the whole time, inviting a private revolt on their end.  As for what comes next we expect invasion but we might be able to secure some kind of army against them, either through new friends or through our own means some other way.  Might still nuke the world to hide for the clone army, if we can convince them.  I'm glad they're not watching anymore, that's for certain.

8.  I guess shine on, you beautiful diamond of a future?

9.  After that shining gets underway, might as well set up an intergalactic schedule of travel, from all worlds to all worlds.  It's new to everybody, right?  Transparency matters here, especially as prime organizers of the future, so it would be wise to set the example and even report things as secret, just not said what it is, anyone in trust who wants to know (If there's no new intergalactic authority built after this) will know for certain what is if you choose to tell them.

Decide now on Mount Rushmore, just for shits and giggles, between you all and even try to take it to the higher level if you can.  If not, then I won't, but this is the North American gate we're talking about.  What better to represent freedom represented by these countries?

They would see Mount Rushmore on exit from the gate.

Leave research marked worlds for non military, colonizable with military, and friendly without military unless you consider your new right as prime chieftains to determine that you would, make no contact with tyrants unless you plan to create espionage and later war.

All gates will be doubled, a ground component that can travel to ground gates, and an aerial gate to travel to aerial gates, all on their own system so that it cannot be confused.  shields will still work the same, but if anything is stuck in the horizon of the portal for more than 5 seconds, it will shut down and the thing will be cut where it exited and entered.  Might need a pusher because a conveyor would only leave you stuck in the portal to a small degree, and that will be enough to shut it down, while you may or may not be aware that you just stopped.  Not even a good idea just to get you most of the way, it could be confusing to some.  Just instruct to walk through just like walking through a sprinke of water in the preparation area, just keep walking, and maybe have pushers (Is that too rude?)