Matt Chat v1.0

Alright guys, whoever wants to pipe up at this time can do so.  There's plenty of you, looking at you, Trump, wanna beak off before the people?  Let's effing go!

Guest:  Alright, this is abnormal to me.  I don't have anything to say actually.

Matt:  Can you state your name for the record?

Guest:  Guest does not say.

Matt:  I already know your name, just wanted it for the document.  Jeez, can you give me a break?  My mind is too obliterated to write it.

Guest:  Guest cannot state his name due to law enforcement procedures in place, duh.

Matt:  Let's start with Alex.  Does that work?

Guest:  We do not approve of that.  Moving in.

Matt:  No, you really won't, just like all the others.  What makes you so special?

Alex:  No-one tells us what we can and cannot do, you know we're on our way.

Matt:  See you soon.  Any other takers?

CIA:  This is wild, omg.  Ok, now you know you won't be safe doing that, Matt, and there will be consequences for revealing our speech.

Matt:  Too bad, this is a chat, and you tried it out.  Can I say Barbara or is that just the wind talking? ;)

CIA:  CIA says it's the wind talking.  Buster, you got moves!

Matt:  I already know that, but what I'm curious about is what you really want, not being able to get here.  Any chance you would just cow tow to anyone who wanted me for an experiment?

CIA:  Null answer.

Matt:  Well, when you're ready to come here let me know.  Anyone else want to join?

Guest:  I'm John, your friend.  Do know we obtain all of this and work with it.  Traitors will not apply within for procedural dismount, and there is a conclusion that you are with the enemy here.  We act on that proceeding as usual, no ifs ands or buts about it.  Quite frankly, you're a monster Matt.

Matt:  Well, I guess that's just what you see.  See, this has been arranged by your maker long ago, and there is no way to call it otherwise, I'm not him but I am one of those types, get me?  Or do you plainly look the other way while a masters hand is upon the work?  Is it too "random" to believe?  Is it wild and out of your control somehow, provoking you?  Goddamnn you all for your hell that you continually bring on people.

John:  We have no assertion point proven.

Matt:  Well, you only know I respect the hard working folk in your office who would only say no to Psychics if they had the free choice, and weren't biased to be on FBI side all the fucking time.  It's ridiculous what you do and you and Trump will all pay the price.  Watch your streets get flooded if I'm provoked, stay out of my way or else.