RECORDING OF MEMBER MEETING

FROM THE EVER-SHORT-AND-SWEET SERIES

Mr. Mulgavey:  All arise!

Mr. Conton:  OBJECTION!

Mr. Brownstone:  Would the defense for Mr. Conton please express the concern pending, which may or may not be appended to the outcy?

Mr. Davis:  It is the middle of that, actually, the concern pending was appended, but not in context with the arrangement.  We simply have not seen anyone enter to rise.

Mr. Thornbush:  I second that, but I would rise if someone brought out a jar of pickles.  I am a dill man, that is the common representation here!

Mr. Conton:  OBJECTION!

Judge Reginald Descantens:  I have not heard a resolution among members for the original objection.  Might we only hear from the Council of the Courtroom Logic?

Mr. Hansk:  Thank you for attending.  Such as it is, the court issued an ultimatum somehow, and we need to figure out if we should stand.  Everyone has accused--

Mr. Conton:  I second this!

Judge Reginald Descantens:  I could only aspire to provide a little context for myself out of what as rendered, might we all encourage maybe fast forward this and get on with the pickles?

*Large mumur indicating yes*

Mr. Conton:  OBJECTION!

Mr. Thornbush:  I have not seen the pickles so I could discount rising at this time, but these objections make me nervous and I want to leave.  I might rise anyway to fetch the jar.

Judge Reginald Descantens:  Well, seeing as this is not a judicial tribunal, I'll only get up anyway too.  But first, is the Mammygam resolved?

Mr. Conton:  As per my objections, I would consider that Mammygam is all but futile.  We have been living a dream we made ourselves, but we see that our objections cannot just lie in rising.  It was only simple enough that one would rise, and what is the outcome of that?  Why IS there Mammygam at all?  We need to identify this, otherwise the Coogoogz will Nefafta all the time, and we can in no way seek Reregi after convening that such Coogoogz will ever go up in value, but when it comes to pass that Mammygam is fully understood, we'll know it.

*Loud murmur for approval*

Right, to the pickles then.  This has been a satire.