Watching Abicadia things, posted on the Truth Social app on it after Mark Zuckerberg posted something, saw a reply.

Had a vision of Rasulullah SAWS and Umar (RA), they were together and said something about me and the thoughts going on at the time, so to speak.

Trapped a planet where the newly beastlike Redu are, and we will use that name for them from now on, being so specially inclined to return to their smaller form by the hand of Allah SWT after my refusal of it.  I just won't see the change back after having that happen beyond my will.  Some greivous people came and tried to kill them all because they hated the Redu.

Had a vision of Rasulullah SAWS, they tried the method of allowing certain tenets of Islam's 5 pillars to be ignored in sight of gaining a believer out of an Atheist who condemned Allah SWT at first.  She (RA) would only note for him that by being a maiden to her husband and doing the chores, the husband was better able to maintain the household, and it was interesting  because she reported it to the Prophet SAWS and he said a few things, then she wanted to say Rasulullah but then stuttered, so said Rasul instead, pleading to be able to do so only, and he agreed.

I see a Muslim detailing how I only missed to say something like that the Prophet SAWS gave the woman above a detail about something to recite concerning the womanly household chores, not in his words.  He said My God just now.

"You are unstoppable"

Someone is wondering whether that was Allah SWT, and mentioned that I would have said so, which is only true, but Allah SWT speaks to me in so many different ways I just keep it hush until you're spoken to.

I saw an image of Mufti Menk talking about Abicadia and the currently new movie that's on it, which is 10 hours about the 124,001 Prophets (Alaihis Salaam) that have come, including Rasulullah SAWS.  They feel what is on the device might bear instruction in some way but found that it does not totally, only interpreting what the Prophet SAWS meant about women having two deficiencies, and that the Uthman Codex was brought to the public.

I just saw Uthman saying something to me from the Aakhira, I always associated that vision type with a vision from Yawm al Qiyamah but was told now it wasn't that way this time.

Just saw some people talking about colours based off of something I said earlier, not in this log.

Thought of something interesting then got exploded of mind to think nothing at all, then thought of writing this.  Was intending to write about what I thought, that's why it was exploded, they were involved.

Just saw Jeremiah seemingly being invited to watch the new movie about the Prophets (Alaihis Salaam).

"Good noise!"

Earlier, Allah SWT had me and the Mother clarify our positions.  After she said her thing, I told them that I would only want to bring Abicadia despite all things, being that damage was rendered mending with it.  I clarified just now about my position, and said I was sorry for it.  Allah SWT said that it would not be a thing of contention, only that I seek it, so I know I should be careful about my steps here and remain on Sirat al Mustaqeem somehow in this situation.  I rectified my position at that time with Magic Wording, the Seer will know.

The CIA sent a man after me because he wanted me personally, and wants to do it himself.  He'll never make it.  He is one of the ones who spoke through me, just before this current CIA individual from the same office.  The FBI rogues before left, though the computer wanted me to think that they were in the same boat as this guy currently.

Yesterday some things happened, so today people are asking me to help them in a significant way.  It's about tech, just wanted the whole jist, not 4000 years worth of it, per se.  Also, I'll be rich soon evidently.

