What is the odds that me seeking asylum in Russia is a bad thing, besides the fact I don't speak the language?  I'm not fully in tune with Russia's history but I am aligned, I guess that sort of thing is reserved for people like me, but I guess I would need a passport.  Is it genius for getting them?  I still loathe the fact that I have a pretty bow on my head, like I'm a piece of cheese for an Order mousetrap.  I can get it, do I want to be in this position no, but I guess I have no choice since I can't draw blood from a stone and ask you to help.  But sincerely, I can't be stupid for assuming an Anon would never be let go as long as 5 years hadn't gone by without being one.  It's just obvious by now.  So what gives, really, other than that theory I mentioned?  I can't see you being humanitarian more than not, though I blame myself for my condition I do feel like things should have gone differently in a HELPING way, when stupid things got out of hand.  I remember rubbing my foot with the scouring pad, that wasn't odd?  Saying Bomb on X?  Nothing?  I mean, there's been worse, and if you ask me people like you and me don't need to be apart in moments like that.  I mean, just from an observer perspective, I was so delirious and nothing was done?  It was even obvious that I would make coffee and not remember that I had no sugar, this is something I'm ON people, I KNOW that shit.  Like, it's just too hard to imagine as an outsider that this kind of thing is even allowed.  I'm even your target you're waiting on going to one day, by rights I guess I'm just in that disinfo loop that I could be at any time a target based on my rhetoric.  

And it's not like I act on Jihad either mostly but I do act in one way, and I'll just say it outright.  I don't train, I don't code, I don't learn Arabic, because of you.  I am afraid of you.  There is nothing simpler to it, I am trying to say what is right about Jihad and live according to my means.  You can have that from me.  But one day, the Order is going to throw a court in my face, the entire Ummah, and I'm hardly even going to be able to stop them, and they're STILL going to get away with shit.  I don't have to put up with that, but I guess you'll be so caught up in it I'll have more friends than enemies over it initially and eventually have the crowd who doesn't join.  Gotta know, though, I'm a weak individual because I don't wanna go to jail.  But you can know that and work on it, if this wasn't your clue to move, I guess it's only a matter of time.  Anyway, the request for communications between yourselves is asked for on the Russia thing.  I will hear noise and you probably, but I'll get by with my answer when I find it.