Let's talk about L and why everything applies the way it does in the L Racket!

L1 - This is always going to be multiplied by anything, wherever it is, and can even be a power, indicating the same multiplication.  In the racket, it expresses this by being multiplied by a larger amount.

L2 - The root state of variation, being is and is not.  This will always multiply with a concerning factor, which cannot be expressed by multiplying by 1 to differentiate what it is.  That's why it can be combined with other factors as it is with L3 in division (Not a fraction, as you might understand now).

L3 - This always has to be exressed by a triple power.  Consider the intersection of three things, is-is not-is.  This is an angle which is being mechanically applied by this interface, hence it is where it is in the Varia equation (Root varia by three identities)

L4 - This also applies to convention.  Summarily, this is to be used to expand a number like a standard multiplier for value of pairs, but I express it like ^4 for the reasons that it can be that as well.  It really does not matter if you perform another operation with L4, but I use it as an exponent to ALSO draw out the number at the end, our interpretation of key Varia.

L5 - This one deals with spectrum knowledge as well, but it can only be multiplied by a sum for the simple reason that we already mechanically expressed the standard multiplier in L4, and now need a new sum to differentiate what prime causation is.  It's not that 5 works out to be that number equated factorially, it's just best represented here, and for all intents and purposes, could be 5 with a hundred decimal places followed by a 1, to the dot.

L6 - Our combiner.  This will be the base of the multiplication as it represents two indistinct triplets in a row, indicating spread in such a way as it is factorially true somehow, I am not being told how but you can imagine, 6 is a powerful number in mathematics for reasons I'm not describing here, and to be sure, L6 can be used as a whole new number of combining raw number (In L6) with pure intellectually based inputs through operations.

L7 - This is a heavenly number, and you can know physics will understand why everything is a factor of 7 in some way physically one day.  Until then, understand that it modifies true spectrum AS a power of it, so L6 and L7 will always follow each other that way in EVERY application.

L8-L10 - These are so abstract that I cannot define them.  I only use them in this way as a residual interest of gaining the ridiculously large number generated by the way they are put together here, since a number divisible by an ultimate 13 is being sought.  As a consequence of the whole operation underway, though not specifically as it is designed without this key, it renders that this HAS to be true, and something need be done with the rest (L11-L13) in order to make the final distinction possible.

L11 - This is a number which generates a unique thing, in that 11 x any number through 1-9 causes it to be a double of itself, and this is indicative of it's power when larger as well.  It will be required to make the number divisible by thirteen, if all the other inputs are true.

L12 - Another abstract one so we use it as a multiplied input here, to be added to by the following L.

L13 - Our key variable.  If this is not in place, then nothing can be done, so now we need to derive how to get our whole number, being divisible by this key and final L iteration and only going by one other multiplier, so that the formula doesn't come across as ridiculous and confined to understanding.  Simply put, I choose to use an exponent, and that is how it renders out to the final result.

P - Divisible by 13 apparently, all fractions like 1/P and 2/P increase or decrease the yield by approximately 13%.  Other numbers factorially apply when mixed, like 9 for example, though I forgot how that was related after I heard it.