Hello everybody!  Just wanted to clarify the reasons why Psychic Warfare should be illegal, from the standpoint of an example (FBI) in all of this.  Below are some descriptions of their recent behaviour over the last 30 days or less.

1.  Redacted of Mind

All in all, the Psychics don't keep a regular contact with their primary mind.  They switch out, obviously, but during the whole time they are in operations they are within MY control, operating with my thoughts and not differentiating which is which.  It causes them to lose focus, and gain alternate intelligence.  Because they're as fed up as I am, they go overboard, as described below.

2.  Confused By Sorcery

All in all, the Psychics have a hate on for Magic.  Therefore, the artifacts of my doing (The act of Scrying, for example) confuse them greatly, and they purposely try not to know what it is I am doing for the sake of hating it altogether.  And on top of that, they don't understand it, and are confused when they use it themselves, more on that below.

3.  Fueled by Hatred

They have an innate disposition to hate as agents seemingly, maybe that's just this batch but they are overall hating of good things, and that could be a problem in their investigative work, putting down good leads.  In fact, I know it, because in their forcing me to give them access to information not found in databases, they also get the good things I'm doing, and purposely ignore them because they think I'm "playing" them.  I have told them that I am over and over, but if the truth stood for one thing, why not the other?  Because of Hatred?  Good Grief!

4.  Ignorant of Statute

Consistently the FBI has been breaking the law and going out of it's way to be the sole responsibility over whatever I am doing.  They have even gone so far as to A) Invade Peoples Homes without their consent or warrant, and B) Represent Earth in diplomatic discussions with Alien races.  I don't stand for it, shut it down!  For the record, I'm more than capable of dealing with Aliens for you, and have grown quite good at it over the last 5 years in your absence.  Waiting for proper procedures to take place so it can start being your job, after my training.

5.  Zapping Others Brains

Consistently, the FBI has been taking nothing of good into their considerations and even making use of that failure.  They will constantly interdict on people who are involved in ANY way with my mind or talk here on X and Facebook, forcing them to think other things because "It's a matter of control".  That's MESSED UP, shut it down!  Not only that, they force me to do it so they can cover their own ass, like "It's the War, sir!" or some nonsense like that.  They also zap mine to help me write this so I don't remember key things.  Fuckers.

6.  Raping World Without Consent via Magic

They are also doing Magic through me (And no doubt through themselves as I suspect, though I don't see it in my mind).  It's like they make an invisible mouth just 24/7 laying over Magic on the world.  It doesn't work, so they keep trying, but it's all the same.  Without consent is wrong, and I've done it too to finally get someone here to try me for the action, considering it's not against the law at this time.  But knowingly causing harm to others IS a crime, though no authentic method can be detected without a court case and investigation into the facts.  They need to stop their shit and stop pretending they are Magicians.  It doesn't work for them because of that, they are not Magicians, and it upsets us as a people to see people doing THOSE spells on the entire world as a practice of stopping ME.  DAMN IT ALL!

7.  Snapping the Fibres

You have already known that the fibres that connect reality together in the Mind realm (Not supernatural, you see one you just don't tell anyone, LEO) are snapping as a result of information stoppage.  When the flow is so articulate, and the Psychics change what they want, they override the tides and cause the matter there to snap, though hidden from you.  Just know that this is happening, I have given the FBI devices to measure it but they ALWAYS wanna make their own, so it will never work as a consequence.  Some have and see it, but just know, even if they did know it was happening, they wouldn't care about the world enough to stop it.  In fact, they would promise to "Do the work required" but never commit to that, and in the end never do it because the state can't tell people how to live in their minds, even temporarily.  And why go to that point, where you just force everybody to think a certain way?  PSSHHT!

8.  Command Out Of Order

As I've noted above, they go out of their way to be the lead, and have brainwashed their leaders with their Psychics to make sure this isn't a problem.  Hell, even when people come in, they make them go away with sweet words and mind zapping, and you best believe those people wouldn't believe these hypocrites without the zapping part, sweet words don't phaze them.

9.  Lack Of Ethics

Overall, the whole damn thing is just too bad.  They gotta die.  But point is, they also need to learn ETHICS.  Throughout this whole post, I've been going over ethical breaks.  They also don't care about the suffering of children or the family in their practices, as was found out in the Babysitter incident.  Thankfully the incident never took place, but they sent their men to literally kidnap without any formal process on the matter small children from their homes, whom I am babysitting even today.  Enjoy the copies, losers.

-----

Now that I cleaned up their swearing, the post is ready to go online.  Cheers guys!