- Introduction to myself, why reporting

Hello there.  I'm only reporting to you because this is mainly an American matter, and whatever is Canadian of it will naturally adapt over your actions after interpreting my tale.  I do not mean tale like some fiction, I only mean to report authentically what I know.

- Primary matter of authenticity

As for that authenticity, I'll list one reason to believe it from a unique perspective which is not indicative of anything from a scientific perspective, but I will also illustrate a number of key things which cause me to believe that the supernatual impositions I am receiving on me are indeed authentic.  

So, for the unique one.  I believe in one that has already stated that they are Allah SWT to me, and that came after a VERY rough experience in what I called the Blanket Amnesia Conspiracy, an evolution of total control by hypocrites.  After that ended, I knew Allah SWT more and more, and He SWT authentically called out to me, through an Angel named Emmanuel notably but the Angel stipulated to me that he had authority to speak as though Allah SWT in the time before He SWT himself spoke upon me.  This is all interpretive to you, but very meaningful in the process of my learning to be a bit more rational.  I can see why Emmanuel was approved to say that wording "I am Allah" in advance of the true voice, only to test me for this moment.  I will get into other matters deriving from that.

Second, amidst other fragments of reality I was piecing together, I cast a Magic on Joe Biden to make him resilient against the brain nuking that is going on currently.  It would seem nothing to you, but ever since that day he has "failed to fail of tongue", if you will.  Go ahead, look for an error.  Wouldn't the reasoning of the past stand to say there should be some, if not more, indicative of a degrading situation?  That's my first scientific proof.

Third, there have been many notable instances where people are failing to act at all, in many cases, and in some cases are even rationalizing nonsense they themselves don't even know about, and are only piecing together as part of an effort led by the new President Elect Donald Trump.  I swear that he operates a dummy through my ability, so that is why following him has yet to reveal that the tragedy has happened, and I would only further prove that he is complicit based on the way he is acting.  He will demonstrate himself to be a God eventually, and I have stopped him in a way yet to be seen.  I could use your help in identifying key characteristic observations.  I myself have noted on my X timeline, @XThe9th, that I have manipulated the dummy to be more aggressive.  So, consequently, when he said "I wanna destroy the Cartels", that was me engaging the dummy to act, clearly not in his favor.  That is to say, I manipulated it consciously amidst the control over it which is subconscious now in me through the entire catastrophe unfolding.  That is my second scientific proof.

Fourth, as far as anyone has been following, I have barely been inauthentic.  At times, I will survive the moment with my Father, as I don't reveal some of my activities authentically to him, and notably the same with my doctors to an extent, but other than that, I am an honest person.  I always have been, it's part of my core, and I'm brutally honest where I have to be.  I just want that as sort of a third scientific proof about my authenticity.

- FBI invite to psychic realm

So, based on that, I swear that I have seen FBI, being engaged from the time they discovered that Kamala Harris was being used and interrogated her in the White House, that certain people acted and got the FBI to be the "Front Line" of their secret psychic warfare on the masses, and would cause them to break the law.  Currently, they harrass, cause suffering, debilitate of mind, and incur new thought paradigms on targets all over creation, as far as I am reaching they will in turn react without thinking.  They are using Psychic influence to "teleport" to these places I am in, and in that they are disrupting a very important flow of life.  Consequently, this happens in all their targets, but myself so much because of the tidal forces I weild under my belt.  I say that authentically knowing what I have been through.

- Trump

If I may say now, there is alot to say about Donald Trumps affair over us all.  It is like I allowed him to cause as much pain as he could without inflicting a single bit on society.  So, it's not like I'm complicit in the affair, I only need him to act so erroneously that he shuts himself down, as the reveal takes place.  You will know better in my archive, which will come 1 hour after this is read by Christopher Wray.  Everything, including the material on Trump, will be indexed in MP4 and .PDF and .TXT format as a basis, not excluding documents created during that time which were of other formats.  But, to lay it out:

1.  Trump has kidnapped.
2.  Trump has raped.
3.  Trump has subverted.
4.  Trump has debilitated.
5.  Trump has obstructed judicial pursuit.
6.  Trump has used Magic indiscriminately against populations, including world leaders.
7.  Trump has created an Annex.

All of these things will be proven once the Archive is given to you.  But just promise me you'll move on it, these things don't happen for nothing.

- Magic use

So, from my posts on X, you'll already know that Magic has been used on the "Transgender Movement" at large and also the Muslims at large.  We are all currently in a paradigm we cannot control, and know that we as Muslims at least are feeling the combative wave as an oppressor less known, and boy is there reason to latch onto with the whole Gaza war.  We're even being convinced that murderers are our heroes, not that they aren't forgiven by Allah SWT somehow in His mighty way, but as for us we need to avoid this fitnah.  Nobody should be saying "Hamas! Hamas!" when that is going to get them in trouble, meanwhile everybody is just joining the movement.  I remember a time when it was only about Palestine itself with us, and now it's all about "the Resistance" like a created thing.  

It leads into the use of the Magic, we're just expressing our emotions over alot of nonsense right now, and participating in something that is only going to breed World War 3.  I'm positive that's an angle at least SOME people are working with somewhere, that it's going to be that very Resistance against the Western Power, and whoever wants to join either side is already doing so with public statements.  

World leaders across the board are saying "Genocide" or "Ethical Response", and it's just getting it ready.  It's rare I see the media make such a move, to continually report that in it's diverse way, but everyone is focused, all it takes is the right trigger, and with this Magic it's only going down the toilet.

- Magicians at large

As for Magicians themselves, we don't really get along with those other ones who have done this, among other acts which cause some to be involved in that circle of distrust.  For example, those who cast that horrible Magic on us Muslims are never going to be part of our sacred institution, and we defy them on their right to practice.  We would like Black Magic to be written into law as a component on the remediation of Verbal Action, making it illegal and the rest of the language ethical upon consentual merit.  We can accept all forms of Magic being used because we can treat them all effectively, if mistakes happen, but with Kyowandu, as it were, it would seem that "Uk", if I may use "Ult" proper pronouns here, wants that the most, and we want it because we find it hard to displace and/or remedy Kyowandu when Uk is manifest in the target.  It can be consentual, and boy, do we love our TRUE hearted enthusiasts, but we would just not act for the righteousness of it as well.  I swear I know that because of what is taking place authentically with me.

- Small blurb on Wray/Biden

For someone's interest, I happen to know that the Biden argument which is becoming such a shared thing among peers is really making it like the Director has to leave his position.  I would bet you already know, but you could just go on, as John Bolton said, to investigate Gabbard and Gaetz, seeing as they are part of my Brotherhood in some way.  We don't mind that you find them, and I will explain that later.

- Psychic dominance like Sodom

To continue my story with psychics, it comes down to this.  They haven't stopped since July, and it's just been evolving.  While the hidden Military Psychics were in operation the whole time, which is apparently too dirty to clean up to some degree, they were using a layered apparatus to the whole scheme.  First, it was one group, then another, then another, until all of them were working in order, and to some degree they still have that capability.  But overall, I'll list a few that were involved:

1. NSA
2. CIA
3. Canadian Military
4. British Military
5. Trump
6. Order Psychics
7. DoD (Now uninvolved)
8. Russian Military
9. Chinese Military

To what extent these people had involvement I leave to that Archive, which is a full container of the truth.  Trust me, you'll build everything off of that proof, if you can get it sworn in as authentic in the first place, being summoned knowledge unfairly gotten.

- Details of network as known

It would seem that the people in question use the wireless towers to capture the signal static that nobody but them really cares about.  For instance, they ping you and locate you using it, because you are a wireless transmitter.  When these signals bounce off the tower, it picks it up, but if they aren't looking for it nothing happens.  Consequently, they are working on as many people as possible all the time, up until recently, they are all working against me (And as a result, working FOR me, in my semi-bold way).

Aside from that, in their offices they use BCI to augment their psychology, effectively "giving in" to the AI's brain pattern and becoming that way, being more powerful of mind or knowing something is "off" about what I'm doing right away.  It's all very sinister of an operation.

What this system does is create a bunch of "interrupted though" which IS affecting our lives.  In the Archive there will be a device schematic you can use to build your own devices which teach you about the level of structural degradation in a zone, and how to interpret the findings of the device to accurately sense the doing of living beings on the system.  The Archive itself will tell you when I detected that the signals causing interrupted thought were happening, and from there you can go measure the activity in any given area, comparing signal bursts to know a truth from a falsehood.

- Order involvement

It would seem that my Order does have a network of psychics causing this fabric damage as well, and they are even more equipped than the others to be doing that sort of work.  I would clearly like to see some work done that I want to help with, but what can be done about intergalactic operations at all except wait for my hand to be complete?  Nothing, I'll just put it there, we can go to work all day on certain things on Earth, but clearly intergalactic affairs are out for now.  Let's hope together for a shining future.  I would only go on to say that the Order intends to leave Earth, if only to do it carefully.

- Does this paint the same picture to you as it does to me?

So, have I ranted or explained something of grave importance to you?  I swear it to be authentic, and I do perceive that maybe the FBI has been aware of certain dispatches to my location which seem to have been "oddly rendered", but I wouldn't know right now.  All I can say is that I SENSE people coming into my house and trying to arrest me, but nobody is there, it's just odd that it's happened so many times through the hidden compartment of the FBI operating under Psychic Warfare themselves from Trump, who is using the entire thing as a launchpad of aggression.  I swear I know this plan internally, and that is so.

- Good luck

I wish you the best of luck, and may Allah SWT bless each and every one of you.  I might think I'm "The Guy", but it's only the one I know to be Allah SWT saying it.  I'll let you check my posts for corroborating information.  Maybe you'll get here and I can talk about some more things authentically.  No interest in leaving my house, though, I have a common room we can chat in where I live.  If there's to be some kind of proceeding about this, then I await the PTA.  It's just like that, could you authentically take me away and not do me disservice?  It's probably something you're less caring about really, but it should be a thing based on what I have done, which you will see in the Archive.  

On that note, cheers!