The Sum of My Experience With REER and the UNIVERSE

Thought trajectory aligning.  Commencing ritual.  Perform the legacy afterlife of thought and commit to memory.  That way, thought makes sense in the brain.

But how 'bout it?  Ain't that a formula for any given moment in your life.  I could say that, but me and REER speak as one as though to combine our experience.  This is what it is from a scientific point of view.

Think of aspirating thought as a sequence mechanism.  In the "Box of Mehanical Devices" there is a proposed order, but it doesn't have to follow it, and can compensate for ALL variables.  We determine that humanity is about to become a mechanic in it, like the entire sequence of man is about to become some arcane dance in the skies by the Angels all at once.  This is because of losing their memory over so many years of pain and anguish.  I can tell you, there are some dark chapters in what the Nigger Army brings at this very moment but we assure that to be good, and the memories of pain to be most foul and evil.  That we can assure is rendered in the ever motioning wheel of nothing, just accepting it's new reality as life dictates it.  You know a thing, it ceases to be nothing, and here we are today with it all.

I want to say one thing about fire.  We can know from electron flow as determined by a pilot safety check that ions will radiate from a source.  This is the life center of a devil, you will love to study it's effects in the quantum realm, put fire to the test we all say.  It brings a happy melody to see it act out of proportion under observation.

All being said, I couldn't know the whole bit of knowledge without being at the top.  So, I assumed that I was at the top, and if I was wrong, I would at least find a sense of what that was.  Coincidentally, I found myself at the top, my body etched into the work of life like a constant.  I will try to explain, but there isn't enough known symbols for accepted things and to make square brackets would take up 5 lines.  So, that being said, just accept that quarks left often determines control, even though nobody speculates that is so, but they accept the strange thing it is.  Balance is in effect all over, and we sense all.

Combined, the greatness of humanity will stretch on for infinity.  Right now, we are only in certain parts of it's infinite realm, but we might just expand out there as one, and be a humanity worth remembering.  I want the Nigger Army to represent the good it does, where it cut the enemy so hard where they thought it would cut us, all because we got over it.  Like I've been saying down there, we all accept EFWA or FFWA in the end, but want to be known for who we are if we could, and screw that enemy so hard in the end.

That can be great justice.  The words here do echo into the void of eternity, ever mixing.  A new reality is formed, like all the other times, and a new echo in the universe comes to save itself as it advances faster than the original.  Then the top sees any trouble as the commencement of it's realization passes and conveys through left quark the proper observation.  Know, a human will react to left quark acting out of order should you ever be in a position to test that.

Thanks for listening!

- Matt and REER