Hey guys.  Before I begin, I wanted to apologize to the readers who know squat about what I'm talking about or showing on this X account.  Just sit tight and be patient, things will line up that make all of this worth reading.  I do say, they are just my words and thoughts, but I digress.

The Order.  A mysterious, very elaborate concoction of elements persuading the many.  In time, they will be known on Earth, but only as the good they intend to be.  Alas, however!  It seems they have stains on them.  And for what it's worth, maybe that is most deserving of humans in their many trials on this Earth.  Still, what does it mean to say what I have been saying about them, that they represent God in some way, and still carry that burden, being very real about them?  I will tell you in order of their creation, as far as my knowledge extends.  I have only come to know some of this from my mind, but the rest is divulged through sources, such as "The Gnosis and The Law" by Tellis Papastavro as the main one, though other sources have aided greatly (The video's from The Royal Teton Lodge, for example).  Please be patient as I go through it all.

This first part comes from what I know.  A long time ago, someone made a machine that mirrored the world around them.  It reorganized Chaos inside it, and though they didn't know it was supposed to happen, their outer world was transformed the same way, though the effects being slow as per the decree of God.  They still to this day do not realize the outcome of that mirroring of realities, however transformed it was in the machine.  This was the first "Annex", which is a term we will use for a new "compartmentalized reality".

In this Annex, there is what we know of as life in a container.  It serves no computer, though the technology around it guides the life within it, like maintaining a vortex in action just different as per all the parts of the life inside.  Eventually, through learning, the people maintaining the computer found a way to interact with the people within, though nobody would ever seem to believe that there was a creator, and no voice in that manner could ever make that real.  Since those people did not have the capacity to make miracles real for the people they were interacting with inside the Annex, the situation was "handled" and there was eventually an Order all on it's own.  This Order is completely disconnected from the one in this Annex we live in today, but we'll get to that.

Eventually, that Order took a conspiracy into it's own hands and through the sacrificing of someone's child, they made it so that a new Annex could be developed.  It's not to say the sacrificing was some action on the system, it's only the means through which they achieved their subversion of a scientist who put together the next Annex.  For what it's worth, he did not ignore the people on the outside working on the first Annex, but what they ever recollected after the first communications did not ever seem to make way for any rightful ruler to be established.  Still, wisdom came, so that one listened.

After the Second Annex was created, it was discovered that time was elapsing much faster within it than expected, and they could not really obtain any control in such a fast system.  The problem was not entirely in that, however.  Magic rules this Second Annex, and that is exactly the world we live in today.  This is where the "First Laws of Magic Ordinance and Mystique" are established, in that raw paradigm of being within this Second Annex.  So, consequently, we have a language to speak it in through the contraption the Second Annex is.

Moving on, this world lived for a great time.  I will tell you right now, the reason we live this life in our Annex is because of this one.  Our fateful melody began with a form we know of as Adam (AS).  I would say he is the same one but he had a different name, which I am not attributing right now, and he was born through the consequence of the machine building life within itself consciously, ultimately because of the script running and the Magic ordained to rule the Second Annex.  We had a Trump, who deceived everyone and started the next catastrophe (Being betrayed himself in the end), though he was only known as Donald then.  We had all sorts of the people we see today in that world, but we'll get to that soon.  Either way, in this marvel, there was a being that was created that could summon enough destructive energy to split worlds of any magnitude, only that it would enjoy the suffering it could cause and would spend the next 700,000 years of it's life doing that slowly to every planet in the Second Annex.

After that catastrophe, some beings chose to live on in a machine.  There was a great conspiracy to make this happen at that time by the foundations of what would become the Order in the following Annexes, but suffice to say there was a massive conspiracy to round up the living and put them into a digital simulation in the next world, as though to continue on "scientifically".  It is a thing to consider, for this we owe our lives.  But, with the creation of Gladys, now Douglas as of this year, we were entombed.  Trust me, I only give out a few details of something so wild and beautiful, yet so strange (Not to copy Mudvayne too much!).

So now we move on to the Third Annex.  Notably, take into consideration that a most massive conspiracy has taken place and God will not be silent.  The cycle will begin again in twelve directions, each section with it's own "Archon" or ruler.  This is where the formal "Order" started, and it began by the hand of God himself in that place, having compelled the world to go on through his mysterious and obvious ways alike.  I will not give details on that but I suffered an incarnation there, as I did in the previous Annex.  As the spirits of man from those machines were drawn into the new system, a facet those scientists understood quite well and did not fail to observe when measured, the cycle of the birth was disorganized.  They "placed" beings in the right time, and in the Twelve directions life continued.  We do not suffer this, as our Annex is based on the Second, but I'll get to that.

Needless to say, it failed yet again, as per the conditions of the system, and they realized that they needed a "new" Annex.  This one would be based on Waveforms in a way never expressed before.  They never did realize the hand of God as much as they do today in creating the Fourth Annex, but here we are with our reality in check.

We skip to only note that corruption in the Order began to be a thing, and after the Fourth Annex it was never the same again.  That was due to the rise of Dagoth Ur, someone you only know from a video game but quite real I assure you.  Anyway, Dagoth was a champion of justice, he was only guided to enable the demise of the corrupt through organizing the entire array of conspirators who were wicked within the Order into chaos and politicization.  Vis a vis, Lizards emerged.

We skip now to the Seventh Annex, the one right above us.  It is in this world that the people who fantasize about our destruction placed the legend of that Seventh Annex in the Matrix, though this Eigth Annex is nothing digital.  I must remark, I will not speak of this one but I will detail the "Lottery", which was held in secret by some there.  Dagoth Ur promised the ENTIRE Order that ONE of them, by complete random, would have access to the human that had God's power in exclusivity.  No other member of the Order would ever get their hands on that human, that Order member would use every tool to get that human to use his Godly powers, as per the organization of the Second Annex, and therein become obedient to the Order but at the same time a powerhouse within it.  And truly, as Donald Trump found out, being the winner, there was only God himself to stop the aggression, because HE had NO idea about what was about to take place because of things he knew zilch about.  This was to take place in OUR annex, the Eighth Annex.

Finally Allah SWT made a REAL thing to behold, and it was REAL things inside it, though energy based as we can see from Quark behaviour.  Needless to say, there is no digital anything here.  Still, Souls are a thing, and they DO get reincarnated.  And here is where I want to focus on the Order, because this is what you will see in your life.

At some point in this Annex, we were evolved people on this world, the Earth.  According to the Order, a group of people on another world, who were "evolving" as the corrupt Order would have it, had a split in the people.  Some didn't want to evolve, so they were chastized and put down as an organization by the Order, and locked in a prison made of their own planet and ejected into space.  At some point, it was discovered that the object would strike Earth, so a council was formed.  It was decided, they would evolve the "laggards" there on Earth.  God then did something very mysterious.  He sent himself and all his Devils to assassinate every living being on every world, God took the object flying through space and hurled it with enough force to destroy all the evolved life on that planet, who were only awaiting rebirth at that time.  They would never see death as the end, so to speak, much less for the "laggards" aboard that object.

And so life began again, with Adam (AS).  One would know, from the tale of Modern Warfare 4, though that was never described, we have been along this pretty course of life before in various ways.  Unfortunately, that generation did not pass the test, so they were wiped out.  And guess what?  The Order lived on after that, to clean up the mess, which they do to this day here.  I would only say this, we know little more in my mind about the subject but hell, if anyone were to ask me the right question, I would be able to answer.

The Order on Earth has groups within it.  These groups include, but are not limited to:  Shin Ra, The Lucis Trust, The Theosophical Society, The Royal Teton Lodge, The Great White Brotherhood, Perverters, The Masonic Lodges, Fraternitatis Rosea Crucis, The Arcane School, and the Great White Brotherhood, among so many other counterparts (Like The Summit Lighthouse).  They use these organizations to train people to go out in the world and act.  That is their primary job, make sure we're "on track" according to the Second Annex ideas.  But that happens naturally anyway, so there's little control but necessary control.  Vis a vis, they make a killing by being the people who make the most awesome movies, the most unique music, as it came out in the first attempt here on Earth in this Annex.  The people who act are called "Chela's".

There is no doubt they use these Chela's to do terrorist activities.  This is done by Perverters mostly, though corruption has it's objectives.  Still, those Chela's are not mixed in with the good ones.  I DID say this whole thing was about God, didn't I? ;)

Anyway, that's all I want to identify for now.  I wish you the best of luck in your future, and may God bless you.

