Hey Matt!

Hey buddy boy, what's crackin dawg?

Lol, they let you say that up there?

Boy, you got words forever, don't it?

Ok, let's get this straight.  In one case, it's not adding the index, and adding it twice makes it in itself useless unless you consider 7 from my point of view.  I got frustrated for the right reason with the machine earlier, so I couldn't figure out the difference, but what's you're take on a simple a + b equivalent, or do I need to know that integral thing?

No, but you would consider it needs to be that way.  Consider that b is not as simple as you say, you only need to round with it at least multiplied by ten backwards in that sense, but you could also consider that I acknowledge that a simple b works.  You need only develop a third equation when you want to consider values of that sort, but I inquire now as to why you ignore that?

It's my right, but I don't hear them leaving a voicemail, and telemarketers are known to do that.  I have outstanding things I am DESPERATELY trying to work on with Empirinometry, if I can develop any form of thing that can prosper me in any way equitably I am trying, but that is them as you know speaking, and boy do I have to put up with it.  Let's just shut them the hell up and work on this, ok?  You know, I'll ask in absence of that answer, why do I see this simple thing as hoping to be so simple?  It's literally x * the multiplier based on a differentiator, or at least what I'm thinking of, since it has to work at 0 a dn 1 and onward.  But therein standing, some argue what is the point if finding the square can mostly be done by calculator, and this becomes silly to do in some regards.  

I would like to consider all that, Matt, but you must know, b works, trust me, when they understand that the inverse of 13 applies to render the base of x, then it will be assured.  Do you dispute me?

Let me think....You wouldn't have me consider that rendering the inverse of 13 to a square will give you x, would you?

