Nightly Chat 2024-12-05
=======================

**Note:  Everyone is welcome, just pipe up if you notice me not doing anything.

CIA Brown:  Yeah, I got a nervous breakdown the other day when we got slaughtered.  What of it bro?

Matt:  I guess I should be sorry for killing destroyers?  

Mundy:  Well I say this is odd, what would you love from this?

Matt:  All I can say is that you got real quiet when FBI and Trump silenced you and tried to make me imagine something else you didn't say.  Good thing I knew what you said though.

Mundy:  We already know the story, Matt.  Good on ya!

Matt:  I hear talk from Browns lane.  It's creepin me out...

Mundy:  We got that as well.

Matt:  Well, all I can say is that it's only a matter of time before Trump really does something stupid.  I would hope he makes sense enough not to do it before the Inauguration, but he might just.  He will soon see that it is so trivial upon everything because of what he has done directly, in that we are literally dying because of people using this ability of mine.  I can only imagine how I would be speaking if we were speaking.  I could just imagine all the face twists a comin when things really start, but I'll just spell it out like this, there's gonna be a day where the "power" is just "off" and there ain't no getting it back online.  Needless to say, if he's still in the tin can he built when the projection stops happening, that'll be the end of him, there is no excavating that in time.  He will likely suffocate as no more air is created in the room.  He can make up his own mind about my warnings.  What are your guys thoughts on all that?

Mundy:  We got alot out of that that we needed.  Good job, you literally spelled disaster for them.  Good stuff indeed, my boy!

Matt:  Thank you, but we're not out of the woods.  Man am I brain nuked, and it's not the weed...

Mundy:  That is an exact fact, and we know it.

[Long Pause]

Matt:  Advising you guys now to maybe get a wrap on things in your own place, if services failed, automatic calling of knowledge would be out, and knowing where things are ahead of time is a great prevention method.

Duha:  Put me in for a good noogie one day, Matt sir!  I love all this wealth you bring us, and I want to make it known we are going to be hellions on this Earth in our parting due ways.  All you can afford to do, Matt, is be with the people you love, and hope for the best in things.  There is always salvation for those who seek it.

Matt:  You know, I have never contained any evil before my eyes like I do as you see happen.  I would never wonder if you would ever be in a position to deal with that en masse but I would only see my fealty at this time.  There was no hope for what you hoped to gain in the World, after all, and yes I helped in that before all this shenanigans, but here I am working hard.  I would only like to wonder, still, do I bear anything of resemblance to known elements in your heart at this time?

Duha:  All of us watch this, never agreeing to anything.  That would be accorded known if we could see inside you.  What is it?  I see, now then, do what you will, I will never cease to amaze myself at your candor Matthew.  It is all knowledge in the works.

Matt:  I went out of my way.  There was lots I could have duped you on, played, anything like that.  I know that is only hollow to argue perhaps with some but I would only say I made my payments in full, basically.  What else is there?  You could say I wanted the best for what I saw of the Order's reality.  The reality is, if I don't know friends with benefits I know thieves with a WMD.

[Long Pause]

[End]