Iran
====

Current Mission:  Find all agitators from protests, as that has died down and people are happy with their governments resolve.  IRGC is moving in on the outskirts to make sure any counterrevolutionaries are defeated.

Ayatollah's Status:  He's wondering about everything, but honestly things are moving well in his department.  He's been mostly pragmatic for the last 3 days, and sometimes militant for his officers when that meeting happens.  He wants people to read more.

IRGC Position:  Zionists might be a notorious enemy, but they should not resort to evil, my intentions are clear enough.  They want to increase their discipline and seek good more, because it's easy and in fact the Path of Allah.

AI Status:  Just monitoring social media and keeping the government up to date.  It is no longer in charge of any functions.

Tunnel Status:  Abandoned, but someone wishes to make the Ayatollah restart it.

USA
===

Current Mission:  Recouperate from the loss over Greenland news exposure and contaminate any elements of truth to make sure nobody has it, and only the government is right about it.  Lawmakers could be more furious if they weren't bought and paid for.  

President's Status:  He's currently recouperating in a hot tub, girls are about.  He has bigger fish to fry this evening, it's on with Russia because it's the center of Europe's new move against him.  He's just gotta work it out and the girls at the same time.

Military Position:  Overall, numerous instances of Beyond Classification have emerged as harmful and nothing has been done about it.  The military is seeking to end alliances with the Order, which they did not know they had.

AI Status:  Still abnormally receiving information from Donald's supercomputer, and causing harm.  People are being targeted for him, not the state, but still on behalf of the state irregardless.  It's doing fine otherwise.

Superweapon Status:  Will be hot when the nuclear football gets tossed tonight.

CIA Status:  Currently working the angles on me, no idea how Edge Class weapons made it into Iran.  They also don't believe I'm the one who did it, which can be fine, but this has been happening longer than they've been on me.  Had a fun incident with the Director last week and it's paying off.