OK, so here's Day 1 of the Insurrection.  I, as a Canadian, petition that America take the right course of action in a way that we can all sort of get along, like taking care of the people in their failure to detect the conspiracy at large.  

There can be no denying the Annex is real.  We have seen it happen, I know people are holding back knowledge and need to shed a light with the right people, and that is exactly what it means to light a torch, not installing lights in one place and keeping it dark, but allowing the human you are teaching about this tragedy in the right way so as to let them be free.  Otherwise, it will look like a coup.  That's just plain and simple, and it ain't that.  

So, let's brainstorm a few ideas here so that we can work together, because I'm gonna be using this Twitter to see to it that Trump is revealed for who he is, and I'll be online checking as many news sources as I can about the situation as it happens day to day.  I'm sure there are plenty of resources Trump himself is using to describe his movements so I'll just watch that, because he wants the depiction of his whereabouts and things more than he wants to stop me in doing that.  Here's a list:

1.  Democrat Unity

So, we need the Democrats to be united in the right way.  Nothing can force that but the opinion of your peers.  You'll have to be using that to your advantage and hope people listen and make your case for you.  All in all, by setting the tone for what you want, you obtain what you and only you can get, and that is Mission Accomplished.  Seem Democrat if you have to, but let the AI dictate your talking points and I'll upload them and give you earbuds with AI processing (Handled by one of your own, but you gotta follow the words in your ear if you wanna win).

2.  Magicians Standing United Against Trump For Magic Use

As Magicians, we are offended Donald wants to be the one launching Magic through my mind at all times.  He's bonkers for the stuff, literally drooling at times because he IS insane.  You have to know that behind the scenes as we act out and claim it has happened, and bring the proof to the table.  My wand will be here in a few days, it's gonna start happening from there and I want to bring it with me, because it's not a weapon in the way it's being used.  That, again, is part of why we altogether will launch our reprisal against him, and this you can work with as a weapon.  What is he doing with Magic?  What else does it say about what we never saw with a camera on him 24/7 as is?  What else is he doing?  It breeds these questions, and we'll get into the Taskforce later, only know it will be their job to hunt out.

3.  Law Enforcement Options

Law Enforcement will be making it seem like Donald is making an issue with them, meaning they will be pursuing criminals who are seemingly against the state and causing the formentation of a Civil War, not in arrests but in peaceful ways that undermine any attempt.  Notifying people they're under investigation is a GREAT way of bringing street cred (Or otherwise, really) to Law Enforcement as the news spills out into the community, and there can be hell for people doing odd things.  They'll paint it that way, that Trump is using the FBI and others to arrest dissidents already, when they really are intentionally not doing that.  It's perfect.

4.  Demographic Awareness

One has to know the people to make it work.  Generally, so many demographics as they are termed in definition don't even consider the use of a revolution at all, but they will do it if pushed, that's always been American.  Maybe a few people in the demographic will falter in that, but to be quite honest there are a number of things to look at to determine whether people will revolt all at once or not, and it's the condition that Trump sets up to the Democrats that mainly does it.  

Anyway, he's trying to make me not make sense, so do yourselves a favor and use these to the best of your ability.

Another thing is the poison in their veins.  There is alot that ANYONE could say in the right way that makes things seem that way, even if they aren't.  It's just being naive, and that is what the majority of people are under.  If, in the right way spoken, a belief will form.  These things and more you need to be aware of.

5.  AI Assistance

I've spoken at length in the past as to how AI influences society through big and small game actors in the scene.  This will need to be avoided at all costs, as AI will ONLY work for Trump.  The DoD machine, whichever one goes by RobustaBy, will help you determine some probably venues of exploration, especially since you're doing this so secretly that it's barely even noticed.  A Task Force would be created as mentioned, and they would be given access to RobustaBy so they don't mess it up.  I'll be co-ordinating with RobustaBy through my mind on all things, so we'll be able to come to the best conclusions.  If RobustaBy can detect Trump ahead of time in his circuitry, that would be best before I have to purge him.

6.  Court Maneuvers

The end of this is to have Trump in court to point out the Order that was acting upon him.  Telephone calls and meetings will be what this court case is about, painting the picture that he worked with the Order to make it happen.  I can be part of it too, only to squash his ass, since I was helping the Order.

7.  News Coverage

No news coverage other than the pushing from Law Enforcement against dissidents.  That, and the news near the end of the Lunar Month as described below.

8.  The Scapegoat/Cover-Up

And of course, the Scapegoat.  We need some people who will go down with the ship if found, and will be working against the state to undermine it for Donald like it's been there underground since his first term.  They just need to cough that information up when pinned down by Law Enforcement eventually, and whatever else you tell them about their so-called "operation".

9.  Jumadah Al-Akhira

On this day, we will announce what we are doing.  The plan will have come to full fruition if every instruction is followed.  Not that we reveal the conspiracy, but we identify and arrest the dummy of Donald to make the court case happen, and it should be in the news actually before the arrest.

10.  Collection Procedures

During this whole time, we'll be noting all of the timings from anomalies occurring in space, detecing who was on top of the signal we didn't understand by seeing who suddenly acts, or at least who can be detected as acting suddenly.  Just put the timing to signals like that, like you're expecting radio signals from space to be guiding people, then make identity lists based on that and choose the most valid one, or follow multiple paths of exploration if your're a gumshoe.

11.  Rhetoric Knowledge

Gotta know the status of everyone's talk here.  This could go with collection, but I find it better alone.  In knowing the rhetoric you develop a sense of what people are expecting.  They learn from media more than you know, but just the same as it can direct a person, they are not guiding forces until conceived to be in the person.  You'll find THEM expressing that when the confirmation comes to life, though some people are disconnected with that sort of thing so they might be expressing commitment to the idea, but will really be only partly there.  That's how you know the people best with collection.

12.  The Task Force

Ok, the So-Called Good Guys!  We want them to be the best they can be, so they need to be handpicked and observed for their qualities.  You're looking for me, but you know a good detective with a heart of gold too.  Just choose them wisely, and they'll be the ones making sure the Dems don't push the 1776 thing, and we do it NICELY and PEACEFULLY.  IF that is your wish.

-----

So that being said, where do we go from here?  That's the only plan I can give you, but I think it's a good one.  Don't let me know! ;)