Ok, so I see what's happening.  This SPECIFIC Earth is having a meltdown.  All the gifts Allah SWT wants to give are being given, but it's as though everybody is just living out their lives as normal until the right thing happens, at which point realities will switch.  We will switch again to defeat an enemy, but regardless of that, I would like to talk about what could happen with Gaza, with your help.  No matter what, whatever I hear is all just a bunch of bogus, but at least asking you helps me think sometimes, as good ideas come forth.  Anyway, if it happens this time so be it.

So, the war started with a fighting with the naval blockade.  Nothing wrong with that, just had to remember not to slay them totally, something I want to avoid for Allah's sake SWT.  That was fine.  Eventually I deployed "hands" to grab them and bring them away from the blockade area when they wouldn't leave.  My flotilla eventually made a corridor for aid ships to pass through.

Then I disappeared my aerial division and left the Crescent Moon and Star, which went to the Palestinian shore.  From there we built 3 ship ports, and I deployed 9 of my images to the ground, which would walk through the territory and restore all the buildings as it went.  We were "kind of" fighting with Israel and Hamas, which we were targeting both (That is the nature of this war after all, to get both of them out of there).  At some point, I summoned a beast form that looked like a creature I know in my mind whom I won't talk about right now.  

Anyway, I fell asleep after restoring the entire Palestinian side, and was on my way to the West Bank.  Either way, I never made it to the West Bank, and when I woke up there was a nuclear bomb launched on Palestine to try and destroy me, the invincible enemy.

This happened because nobody was told that this is an invincible army.  They had no way of knowing that really, but despite that they could not assume it from what they saw.  I would say if Allah SWT permits, and this is not some delusion of his, I will do the same war again, with maybe some deviations, if the United States promises to not launch the Nuclear Bomb that devastates the area.  This was the critical factor that made Allah SWT decide to destroy that reality, he is telling me.  So I live it in my life and that's where it's real, in between me and him SWT.

So what else am I missing?  Don't tell this to Israel, but if they can keep a secret from the Illuminati (Netanyahu is one of them), or more specifically the Great White Brotherhood, then I guess you can know ALL of the dead in this battle go to Maclellan AFB in Syria, if that's not just a name that was fed to me then in preparation for something.  Either way, when you hear about the war, decide which station you want all the dead in, and as long as you promise not to release the information that they're alive or the people themselves, then we can fool the Illuminati into thinking that we're killing everybody.  And they can read this all they want, they will never admit the dead are alive :)

Anyway, once I'm a murderer and fighting this "ridiculous war on the world", the bank will take over.  THEN you announce that the people are alive, and then I stop fighting :)  Hows that?

I hear support for it, and that they acknowledge it's only real between me and Allah SWT.  Anyway, I know some reading want me to attribute a larger war if that is the case, but it will happen.  Israel won't stand for what the evolution of this war becomes.  Trust me, everyone will fight me but Russia, not because I work there but because of their nature.