Election Day SIGINT Compartment Filters Theoretical Network

1.  Compartment 1 has a backdrop from the BAC.  Knowing the craze of what happened authentically during the last election, centered around Covid (Meaning the mass confusion everyone was under, not just in abstract terms but clearly berserk people on screen and on recording would be indicative of the type of information being accumulated).  One would attribute the word Bonkers to the targeted Signals Producers.  Memories and feasible mention of memories that do not exist within the known fabric of that Signal Producers life would be an indicator of Bonkers.

2.  Everything that has a file header goes in here.  Noting that we're only looking for Election Day mishandling and indicators of that in headers, by validated and accepted means and by unauthenticated means using the same headers.

3.  Opulence magnifier.  Let's see who's using their altruistic identities to magnify the vote content for a particular candidate and run it against Operation: Torch Light's findings about the true network of the Order.  Forward this to ATF for analysis on Gun Shipments and weapons sales, not just for timing but for customer authenticity.  No tasking here, just AI parsing knowledge, maybe "parallel processing" can happen here for a short window through DoD.

4. Using what can be compiled as an authentic modern approach from my comments, posts and video's on Islam, run that against the standard applied globally with data gathered on Muslims in the West and separate that from Muslims Abroad, taking into note the key conditions that maintain "legitimate" Jihad.  Make sure you note exactly the subterfuge that potential Jihadists are using keeping this notion in mind, as they may mention things like this legitimacy in their boldness, thinking you don't know what they mean when every word describes their intention.  Task as you would normally, but for believers, maybe defense of a small village against a pillager wasn't so bad as Jihad, from what can be identified of all my stuff.  By rights, Allah SWT loves his innocent children and would love to see them protected in every way.  Sorry this explanation drags on but you get it.