Dear Mr. Obama,

Hi, how are you?  I'm not so bad, hopefully you even read this message.  We've never talked, but I've always known you were on my side for some things.  We can't help but to be different thinking differently about other things, but I can be human just like you.  Just got Oregano and Chives on me instead of the Louisiana Sauce.  But that's OK too! 

Anyway sir, I wanted to ask for anything you could do.  I'm going through a Shadowban right now, that means nobody even receives my emails.  I am in fact sending this Email through my mind, and I'll explain how that works.  The WiFi is tuned to connect to human minds, like you've always known unless they kept Jertok a secret from you.  The ability to see in a mind has stopped only 456 crimes, out of 1,254,321,098,345,213,214,874 detections of potential crimes.  That's a fact.  But we can see that we all now know the WiFi can detect location of a person.  I will assume this is through radio detection, not radar interference.  That means the WiFi has the ABILITY to see into a mind, something we have not discovered yet.  And at any rate, I'm using preset architecture to communicate that way.  The brain is detected as an appliance so if it has the ability, it can connect.  That being said, you need to be crazy in order to do it, so here I am, going bonkers.

Anything you could say about why I have this seal on my person would be helpful.  Even explaining the events of the first Bundy incident, and Operation: American Spring, would be helpful.  I don't need any money, any salesperson, any official of my candor, only that I need celebrity and it can be bad, don't worry about the quality of the celebrity.

Just help me.  Maybe that doesn't mean going viral, but do something.  Trump has the power to annihilate this Earth now, and he will threaten with it.  Golden Dome is just another word for Cold War.

Hope Michelle and the kids are doing well.  I always loved you and them, sir, keep nailing it!

Sincerely,
- Matthew Pidlysny