Test model for Gate/War in Gaza simulation
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

1.  Obtain Presidential Authority to pursue a peace agreement under certain terms with the remaining parties, or War in Gaza will launch against all parties in it fighting peace and freedom, which it veritably is, you know me.

2.  Peace agreement obtained:  Arrest those who seek to undermine the process with stupid ideas that they know do not work and only undo the whole process, triggering Illuminati.  They won't take over with the bank yet because the threat is not real, but might trigger other things like terrorim or a global cyberespionage exploit to disable the entire internet, triggering their takeover.  Gate comes into Mount Rushmore with hotel, airport and control base nearby, roads assigned for travel and fences placed.  Gates will FULLY stop anything, but when I'm dead they will only render pain for 1 hour on a person when passed through, and will dummy creatures for longer, and permanently disable ANY electronic or other type of device that can power technology.  Warning will be given 20 minutes beforehand, so if this is happening you will know what to do.

3.  Peace agreement lost:  War will go on.  Aerial flotilla will disable the naval blockade and then the Israeli vessels will be taken to shore on the Israeli side.  Naval flotilla will secure the area and create a channel for aid, any word made to aid agencies in this time would be critically good as there will be a rebuilding, but not an entire feeding of the people, that's just not how it works.  You could say someone in this enamors that his primordial matter is being used in such a way to rebuild anew in Palestine.

4.  2 Naval Ports will be built along the shoreline as the aerial flotilla arrives on scene.  The Crescent Moon and Star will be prominent throughout the entire mission.

5.  9 of me will appear, not really me but just images that can pretend to be physical and actually move things with it's hands.  Mainly they will be rebuilding Gaza as they walk through but most notably they will also fight Hamas and Israel, or whoever is fighting.  All dead go to Maclellan in Syria (Codename I guess).

6.  When the 9 pass through to the end, assuming no outreach for peace has been made yet, they will unite and one will make it's way over to the West Bank and do the same thing, but since there are more people in more of the area that I'm working with I'll ask that everyone be outside when I pass through, so as not to impede on my progress and I don't have to move them around without their permission.

7.  Once that is finished, a final measure will be deployed and 2 secret installations will be created, along with a worldwide radar station enterprise that can detect when alien ships are coming.  They do not detect other ships, they know every signature of every known ship in any cluster of any part of creation, and do not detect earth ships.  Therefore, it is not a threat to you, but only a means to secure the deployment of the robotic forces inside those installations for the purposes of fighting space invaders.  So they're like a beacon of hope, and if the radar stations do not detect the aliens then the installations in Palestine will only deploy a partial amount of the forces, because humans might detect something it suddenly cannot, and once verified that it is a space alien then the rest of them can launch.

8.  Now that the rebuilding has been done, we have the assets for deciding what type of government will be built.  I will propose that an Islamic Cleric who is refreshed once in a while over a democratic establishment might be best, but they can decide for themselves with proper assembly in the Great Brotherhood and Sisterhood Assembly Hall, or whatever they want to call it.

9.  That process will take some time, but notably I will be called a murderer and one who is imposing my way on the world.  They will know my face, so they will know I'm a smoker and a pothead, but that is a disguise anyway I have been told.  Allah SWT never did tell me before what it was about but he certainly says now, it's all about making the Illuminati say it.

10.  We assume a war will break out, but it could not happen potentially so we leave it there.  They all go to the special place when shot dead by us.

11.  Eventually, the bank will take over and aliens will come down to take us out and try to build a new empire.  We will destroy EVERY city and settlement, leaving only the most rural of places, hiding them and those who were supposed to be dead in a secret place underground, able to deploy across the Earth with large portals in the forests.  The enemy will build settlements with clones of us in that future, because they so desperately want the blessing of owning life on Earth.  We will secure the clones as our aid, but though they are not going to agree with our motives knowing what they know of our past.  They will probably not help us fight but that is no matter, we will take the enemy out wherever they stand.

12.  Not sure what to make of this part yet.  We'll see when we get there.