Evaluate Central and South America

Exfiltrate the revealed ones

Communicate a note of interest from authorized compartments to notify some or all governments about the condition of what is about to come with agency jurisprudence or without it, which is more threats against their people from America and we are working to stop it.

Wait for response from key players that we wanted, patiently evaluating what kind of operation we need to stop a war from getting too serious, potentially paving the way for release of my information.

Obtain key players, determine a force with them to strike at America through secretive means diplomatic.

To boost this, Special Federal Program 02 will come into effect, and it will be a construction effort for the government, the people and a technologically building one.  The agency will keep it a secret that the offers are for free, nuking the information as it pours into the US before it is on feeds.  Nothing can stop human talk, so we'll plan for that to maybe be the end of this.  We will enable those governments to survive without the US, no more US products for them if they don't want them and can make them on their own with the Federal Program.

When the belligerence really gets going, as no doubt Cuba is going to do ahead of what transpires with deportations and these notable threats to them personally, and talk to it's neighbours and probably that entire region.  Notably, with deportations, that whole place is going to go aflame, and if the Waiting President tries to provoke war or threaten it, those hidden governments will respond with their fake forces and at least do the secret operation against the US through tactical means and still be largely at peace.  

This will stop Central and South America from retaliating in their own way and prevent a war, and as long as a unity government seems to take effect between these people it will be better for them.  If it can remain after this, I would praise those people, but notably the unity government is only a disguise in hopes that it latches on somehow.