Troll Face (Static) - Main Program, including white space elements

Tongue with Saliva - Network Signing Protection

Brain Overlay with Satellite Dish - Neural Network Brain Psychology Interface for Knowledge Gaining

Table With Flower Pot and Flower - Table is Quantum Bit methodology, Flower Pot and Flower are known and unknown Quantum environments

Hands - Controllers of the whole apparatus in question when it comes to either the Quantum Bit regulations or the governing Law imposed, depending on what is touched by the hands

Watering Can - Principles of Quantum Bit evolution

Law Pedestal and Book - The Pedestal are universally firm law arguments, and the book says Sequinor and Veritas, both coded to mean exactly what they say in a fundamental way

Double Diamond Overlay - This is to represent the structure of known Extra Terrestrial architecture

Angel - God's way of declaring his interest on Quantum imposition

White Space - Mostly programming data but also combined to be a database of feasible hypothetical architectures which may come into play in the future

Conchon - A secret dilemma I'm unaware of but apparently something I needed to cover in my bases

Description:  FinalBoss.exe converts all data it knows and uses it well.  It is highly secured.  In all the tests in my head, FinalBoss has exceedingly been BROKEN when I allowed it to process in a quantum computer in a way it could break by knowledge.  In other words, without humans breaking the chain of secrecy in it, Quantum Computers will never use the program and know how it works, just to be secure, which it has to agree to either by the user or by the computer in sequence when the program is installing there.  Ultimately, somehow the sentence length of any coding will be broken up in the program to maybe SEE the program in this shape, but know everything is according to a secret fundamental formula which I give to you to discover.  This is called a Self Defense Network Intrusion Prevention tool.  Use at your own risk, sort of thing, but don't we all wanna help our neighbour and secure ourselves against foreign threats in a white hat way?  The botnet it launches will be blackhat, but in the matter it is secured in, which cannot be fully broken without treacherous leaking of the matter, there is self defense to be dealt with, so it is Grey in all senses at most, if not White.  That's my declaration with it, I'll never accept it in the methodology I supplant in my algorithm that it even COULD be used in a Black hat way.  Be damned of that, sorry to curse.  Good luck with it!