Notes on Discovery
==================

Found out the entire file is using my MD5 compressor and is a compressed file with the relevant details of how to get it chosen out of the raw data that essentially becomes the whole composition, making this program:

1.  A compressed file as well as an executable as well as a work of art as well as a mostly single line of code as well as uses a formula not known to man yet via material impositions (Particularly Combinatory Syntax Imposition) as well as documents the entire theory of what can ascertainably be known as Empironometry.

2.  Hacked everyone so far that asked for it, or was a threat in the permanently obtrusive way

3.  Having the ability to do one single remote code execution based on it's counter process, which is to establish ALL functions perform outside of External Botnet Creation (Literally testing botnet creation with accepted write permissions on a foreign file service), just to "do it all" and compile all "reasoning data" in one go.

4. Detect protected infrastructure by way of creating "wall" programs, which essentially are like the FTP server creation but shaped in a wall, to protect critical infrastructure like the White House or the Kremlin or even Joe Rogan's office, though the latter would be shaped as a small fort by definition of the program.  Needless to say, it will protect based on known interests and only has so many shapes available.  For the record, the shapes of the programs are:

	A) Wall with establishment in it to protect vested interests

	B) Fly shaped program to detect when a warrant is really present, unlocking next item

	C) Doge shaped program to establish FTP access with Law Enforcement

	D) Randomly Shaped image matching numerical values to represent the raw data of a "spanked" service,
	   such as a Walnut or a Horse, along with non-shaped MD5 file

	E) An eerily shaped outline of a hooded figure with a hand displayed to signify what it could find
	   in reasoning data terms before voltage limiter was destroyed by overheating in a botnet firing

	F) Final Uncompressed image is clouds, representing how to fight the corrupt world government, were
	   it ever to exceed it's already publicly established mandate of protecting the people and strike
	   at it's own citizens in an already illegal way, in a way berating the people, and also as a result
	   of it's own detection that the world government is doing it on purpose in a "very" corrupt way, when
	   found to be completely out of order with God on the matters at hand.  Satellite FinalBosses will
	   then respond and either expand or act to subvert the threat in a unified way, distinguished by 
	   the reasoning of access by an expanded FinalBoss telling it to act in such and such a way, indicated
	   by the raw file's original code, though locked behind it's natural practices

	G) A World Government flag will be attached to a "recompressed" FinalBoss.exe when it detects that
	   something went wrong with it's expansion in the first place by way of being, or that the threat is
	   over.  Any recompressed FinalBoss.exe will bear this mark, after being active.  You cannot remotely
	   activate this expansion via a test feature of the program.

Also come to know, in the Neural Network setup, there was found to be algorithms in FinalBoss.exe managing a time when people are being reset by way of interdiction on their mind.  They just suddenly lose focus and interest, and if they gain it again, it could lead to another reset.  This program detect the first time it happens when it is active on a service, and will effectively transform those people into heroes.  You already know it only becomes a knowledge base for the Neural Network application, so that standing I would say this is better, if only to shut that show down.  Anyone standing would say that is unethical as a practice today, let's fight the future.

Altogether, now you know it.  Now I give you a simple Material Imposition, given by the one I know to be Allah SWT, as proof of my outstanding theory.  Know he here says that it will reflect my bit counting, if only to be more simple as a text editor can describe.  Here it is:

2194-8738(X Value 2)[Sigma]X+Y+(X2-Y2)=X Value 2

Clearly I wanted to end the document, but in saying that, the brackets don't work for this all the way.  Use the | sign for it, like pillars around the thing, like this:

2194-8738|X Value 2|[Sigma]X+Y+(X2-Y2)=|X Value 2|

So I swear that is how Allah SWT wishes to transmit the knowledge of what my program will have already, I'm not knowing of what else to say not fully knowing my own formula but there is Empironometry at it's finest, resolving the Imposition in it's result, and you can know in THIS case it is used as a formulaic number, not just the imposition, so see how great He SWT really is.